NEKO#ΦωΦ：Is this the place?
PAFF：No.47... should be this building.
NEKO#ΦωΦ：Uuunnnggh, my eyes are getting tired. Why does every single house here look exactly the same...
PAFF：The buildings on the upper levels of Tower are all like this.
NEKO#ΦωΦ：8F... Gotcha! Let's ring the doorbell.
PAFF：Okay.
Hayato：Sis Vicky, wait for me! Why are we leaving in a hurry all of a sudden?
Vicky：Judging by his attitude, he probably won't tell us anything more... On top of that, if we stayed there, your big mouth is likely gonna leak all the precious information.
Hayato：……。
Vicky：Nevertheless... great job! You did exceptionally well this time. Once we get back, let's start writing this report right away!
Hayato：Ah... about that... I..
Hayato：.... Hmm?
NEKO#ΦωΦ："......!
Yikes! Isn't that...!?"
PAFF：...... Ha......
NEKO#ΦωΦ：Aroma-chan! RUN!
PAFF：Eh!?
NEKO#ΦωΦ：That's the 08 Daily reporter Linda mentioned to NEKO before! They're the ones who are investigating you!
Vicky：Why are you just standing there!? Go after them, you blockhead!
Hayato：......Ah! Okay!
NEKO#ΦωΦ：Ha... ha! Excuse me!
Pedestrian：Waahhh!
Vicky：Stop! NEKO! PAFF! Stop right there!
Pedestrian：Is that... NEKO and PAFF?
Pedestrian：It really is them!
Pedestrian：Quick, take a picture!
NEKO#ΦωΦ：Oh god, oh no! This is bad! This is really, really bad!